LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, CHER IS
JOINING US TONIGHT!
NOW, CHER YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE
FOR SOME OF THE MOST ICONIC
FILMS, MUSIC AND FASHION OF ALL
TIME.
SO, WE FIGURED, WHAT BETTER WAY
TO HONOR AN ABSOLUTE LEGEND THAN
IN A GAME WHERE YOU HAVE TO
ANSWER A PERSONAL QUESTION
TRUTHFULLY... OR EAT SOMETHING
DISGUSTING.
>> RIGHT.
IT'S TIME TO "SPILL YOUR GUTS OR
FILL YOUR GUTS!"
ALRIGHT.
>> ALRIGHT.
James: NOW YOU'RE FEELING
NERVOUS.
>> I DON'T LIKE THESE THINGS.
James: FOR YOU, WE'RE IN THE
UNITED KINGDOM.
WE HAVE ADDED A FEW THINGS THAT
ARE CONSIDERED DELICACIES ON
THESE BRITISH ISLES.
THERE IS EVERY CHANCE, I WON'T
LIE, THAT YOU WILL FIND THEM
DISGUSTING.
LET'S TAKE A LOOK AT THE FOOD WE
HAVE.
STARGAZY PIE.
DRIED CATERPILLARS.
COW TONGUE.
>> I WOULD RATHER RAT OUT MY
MOTHER THAN EAT THAT.
OKAY.
>> James: WELL, WE'LL FIND OUT.
WE HAVE, NOW THIS IS A DELICACY
IN MANY PARTS OF BRITAIN.
DEEP FRIED CANDY BAR.
DOES THAT SOUND LIKE SOMETHING
YOU WOULD ENJOY.
SCORPION.
THE SCHOOL ISH DELICACY, HAGGIS.
DO YOU KNOW WHAT THIS IS.
>> SHEEP INSIDES.
James: YES IT'S A SAVORY
PUDDING CONTAINING SHEEP'S
HEART, LIVER AND LUNGS ENCASED
IN THE SHEEP'S STOMACH.
WE HAVE HERE
FISH AND CHIPS AND MUSHY PEAS
SMOOTHIE.
>> RIGHT.
James: OUR OLD FAVORITE.
The 1,000 YEAR OLD EGG.
YOU'LL ASK ME THE FIRST
QUESTION.
CHOOSE A FOOD I'LL HAVE TO EAT
SHOULD I NOT ANSWER YOUR
QUESTION.
>> THE THOUSAND-YEAR-OLD EGG.
James: WOULWOW.
THERE IT IS.
OH, AH, MAN.
>> JAMES, WHO WAS THE DRUNKEST
PERSON AT THE ROYAL WEDDING?
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
>> James: I MEAN --
WELL, I KNOW EXACTLY WHO IT WAS.
>> RIGHT.
James: I MEAN IT'S NOT EVEN
IN DOUBT.
>> RIGHT.
James: --
>> I WOULD GET SOME SALT AND
PEPPER.
>> James: I MIGHT GET LIKE --
I'M TRYING TO THINK IF I GET --
(AUDIENCE CHANTING)
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
>> OH!
>> James: OH, THAT WAS -- THAT
WAS INTERESTING.
THAT WAS INTERESTING.
WHAT DO I THINK YOU WOULD LIKE
THE LEAST?
CHER, LET'S GO, LET'S GO WITH A
LITTLE DRIED CATERPILLAR.
COME ON A LITTLE DRIED
CATERPILLAR.
THAT SOUNDS LIKE A GOOD.
OH MY GOD.
>> James: WHAT IS THIS, I DON'T
KNOW IF THIS IS TRUE.
>> I HOPE NOT.
James: I DIDN'T KNOW.
OKAY.
CHER --
[LAUGHING]
>> James: YOU SAID TOM CRUISE IS
ONE OF YOUR TOP FIVE FAVORITE
LOVERS.
WHO ARE THE OTHER FOUR.
[LAUGHING]
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
>> James: OH, WOW.
IT MUST BE AMAZING IF YOU WON'T
EVEN.
>> I DON'T EVEN REMEMBER SAYING
THAT.
>> James: DO YOU REMEMBER DOING
IT?
>> YEP.
James: REALLY.
AND HE WENT STRAIGHT INTO THE
TOP FIVE.
>> NO.
HAD TO GIVE RATINGS --
>> James: SURE.
SO, CHER, YOUR TURN NOW.
CHOOSE SOMETHING FOR ME THAT YOU
THINK I WOULD NOT ENJOY.
[LAUGHING]
>> I'M GOING TO GIVE YOU FISH
AND CHIPS AND MUSHY PEAS
SMOOTHY.
>> James: OH, MY GOD IN THE
HISTORY OF [BEEP] --
[LAUGHING]
>> YOU HAVE, I HAVEN'T GIVEN YOU
THE QUESTION YET.
>> James: I KNOW I JUST SMELT
IT.
[LAUGHING]
>> OKAY, BABY.
YOU HAVE DONE CARPOOL KARAOKE
WITH BRITNEY SPEARS, MILEY CYRUS
AND MARIAH CAREY.
WHICH ONE OF THOSE ARTISTS WOULD
YOU LEAST LIKE TO SING WITH
AGAIN.
I KNOW WHO IT IS.
[LAUGHING]
>> James: OH, MAN.
BRITTANY -- WHO.
>> MARIAH AND, AND HIGHLY.
MILEY.
>> James: I CAN'T.
[ APPLAUSE ]
>> James: OH.
>> CARRY ON?
James: OH, YA.
>> OKAY.
>> CARRY ON.
James: I CAN CARRY ON.
IT'S NOW THE LAST QUESTION.
>> IT'S FOR ME.
James: FOR CHER.
SO, CHER, I'M GOING TO GIVE
YOU --
A COWS TONGUE.
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
>> I AM ANSWERING IT, I DON'T
CARE WHAT IT IS.
>> James: OKAY.
YOU HAVE RIGHTLY SO BEEN
INCREDIBLY OUTSPOKEN ABOUT YOUR
DISAPPROVAL OF PRESIDENT DONALD
TRUMP.
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
>> James: SAY ONE NICE THING
ABOUT HIM.
>> OH, WHAT'S ONE NICE THING
THERE ISN'T NOTHING NICE ABOUT
HIM.
I CAN'T SAY ONE NICE THING ABOUT
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
>> James: WE WILL BE RIGHT BACK
SHOW."